[SHIMMERING]
[CREAKING DOOR]
>> I'm Uri Geller.
And this is my Legacy.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I would very, very
much like to now speak
to you about the afterlife,
life after death,
spirit world, ghosts.
Is it real?
Is it not?
Is it only in the movies?
I have to go back
again to my childhood.
My father didn't want children.
He forced my mother to go
through eight abortions.
My mother fought for me.
So I'm the only child.
I'm her ninth child.
For all my life,
throughout all my life
I felt that I have angels who
are basically and probably
my brothers and sisters.
And they're around
me all the time.
I feel that.
But let's talk about
it scientifically.
Albert Einstein in 1924--
I've spoken about this--
comes up with this amazing
scientific equation,
E equals MC squared, where
Albert Einstein proves
to the world scientifically that
everything is made from energy.
Even this chair is energy.
It's vibrating at
a certain frequency
that, to us, feels solid.
But he also proves that
energy cannot be destroyed.
So if Albert Einstein proves
scientifically that energy
cannot be destroyed, the
question must be asked, OK,
we are energy.
So what happens when we die?
So you can't kill the energy.
What happens to our spirit?
What happens to our soul?
What happens to our mind energy?
And I very simply
believe that when we die,
our energy, our
spirit, our soul leaves
our body, like the
tens of thousands
of stories you have
from millions of people
around the world, that
they left their body.
They weren't ready to die.
And they came back to the body.
And they went through the tunnel
of light, and with the music.
And they were just
about to enter
that other side,
the realm, heaven,
paradise, call it whatever.
And they were drawn
back into their body.
There are millions of stories
of spirits communicating
with their loved ones,
dogs, cats, animals, humans,
children.
I mean, come on.
It's a fact that people
accept that ghosts do exist.
So scientifically,
the scientific theory
is very simple.
We leave our body.
And we go to a
different dimension.
I want to call it heaven.
Because I know that I will
meet all my family there,
all my dogs.
I'm a great dog lover.
So I had all my life dogs.
And I know we will meet someday.
So I'm a huge believer
in life after death.
My mother died in
Sonning on Thames
in our house in this small,
tiny, little English village
outside London.
And she was buried in
a Christian cemetery.
But because we're Jewish, the
grave has a star of David on.
But in order to get the
tombstone I spoke to my rabbi.
And he directed me
to a stone maker,
somebody who carves tombstones.
And I spoke to him
over the phone.
I said, yeah.
Please tell me now
how much it will cost.
A tombstone for my mother.
And then he says, OK,
I'll come and show you
a few pieces of marble.
And you choose which
tombstone you would like.
So he says, I'll come
to you on a Sunday.
Now, my house has 38 CCTV
cameras running all the time.
I can see them all
around the world.
So I'm in the kitchen and I see
his car-- it's a little van--
coming up to the big, main
gate of my house on the court.
And he stops by the gate.
And the gate is iron.
So you can see through it.
And I see that there's a dog
sitting next to the driver,
next to him.
And I say, aw, I'm
definitely going
to go with him, because if
he travels with his dog,
he's a dog lover like me.
But instead of opening
the gate automatically,
I go out to him foot wise.
And as I approached the car,
I see him and I see the dog.
And then I open the
side gate, and I go
towards the car to pat the dog.
And I look into the cabin.
And the dog is not there.
He is only there, sitting
by the steering wheel.
So he rolls down the window
and I say, where is your dog?
I tried to look
back into the van.
Because I was sure the dog.
And he ashened.
I get goosebumps now.
Because he says to
me, what did you say?
I said, there was
a dog sitting here.
And he said, Uri Geller,
my dog died a year ago.
But I always carried
him on this seat.
He was traveling
everywhere with me.
I really get chills
now, if you can see.
Come close up on my-- my
hair is standing on end.
So I was so excited.
I ran back into the house,
and I told my wife, Hanna,
I just saw a ghost, a dog.
That's my ghost story.
My most unbelievable,
incredible, astonishing,
phenomenal,
paranormal experience
that I encountered, that I
had throughout my last 72
years of existence is the
moment my body dematerialized
from 57th Street in New York,
in Manhattan, to Ossining, New
York, 36 miles away in no time.
Just like that.
I am in New York.
I live on 57th Street
and 1st Avenue.
I had an apartment there.
And it was the birthday
of a doctor we knew.
So I decided to buy him a
binocular in Bloomingdale's.
I go to Bloomingdale's.
I buy the binocular.
And then before I get
back to 57th Street,
I decide to go up and visit our
very close friend, Maria Janice
Cooper and Byron Janice.
And I go up to their apartment.
We talk a little.
And I say, OK, I'm
going home now.
Binocular in my hand.
Package up.
And I get to 57th Street.
And I can see from afar,
the canopy of our building.
In New York you have
canopies protruding out
of the building for rainy days.
And as I look at the
canopy, I suddenly
feel that my feet are not
touching the pavement anymore.
There was something missing.
I was like walking in the air.
And I looked down.
And I didn't know what
to think because I
wasn't on the pavement.
And the next thing
I can remember
that I'm being hurled
towards a mesh screen.
I didn't recognize where
I was being thrown into.
But my instinct was
to protect my head.
And I'm crashing
through a mesh screen.
You know, those to keep
out flies in summer.
And there's a big round table.
And I fall on the table.
There is glass on the table.
So it slips from under my hands.
It breaks.
There's a lot of noise.
And I crash onto the floor.
And I'm looking around.
And I recognize the room.
I am in the porch,
in the summer porch
of Dr. Andre Puharich's
house in Ossining, New York,
36 miles out of New York.
So I'm kind of
stunned from the fall.
More from the fall than from
the transition from 57th Street
in New York.
And I start shouting,
Andre, Andre!
So it takes a few minutes
for Andre to find me.
And he says, what
are you doing here?
And he looks at the screen
that I came in from.
And it's torn inwards.
And I say to him, I
just left Maria's.
He knew Maria, my
friendship with Maria.
And he picks up the phone.
And he says, Maria, Uri is here.
And I couldn't
hear, but he later
told me that there was silence.
And Maria then says to him,
what do you mean Uri is here?
He just left our apartment
on 521 Park Avenue.
The way I explain this
phenomenon to myself,
whether I use the words a
multi-dimensional shift,
or a quantum mechanical,
quantum entanglement
phenomenon, a
bizarre dark loophole
in our existence that can
shift you, and materialize
you, and dematerialize you
from one place to another,
I don't really know.
How can I know?
But it happened for a reason.
You see, I am a huge
believer in Carl Jung's word
that he coined
up, synchronicity.
Everything that happens in the
universe happens for a reason.
There's no coincidence.
Well, there might be.
But the overall bigger
picture in things
that happen to you in your
life, or to other people that
bring you together
are synchronicities.
So you see, Einstein, to me,
and his scientific theories
and equations, proven
scientific equations,
were massively important
to balance my belief
system that these things are not
only ether and exist out there,
but you can derive
them, extract them out
of his scientific formulas, and
prove to the ordinary person
that their ideas about
life after death,
and spirit, and ghosts
actually really do exist.
Because Einstein backed
it up with hard science.
That's why Einstein
was so brilliant.
And, by the way, in my
museum where we are actually
sitting now, which will
open a year from now,
David Bohm, who was
Albert Einstein's friend,
gave me Einstein's pipe.
And I also managed
to get a letter
that Albert Einstein wrote
David Bohm, telling him not
to go to Israel because
Israel wasn't intellectually
ready for him.
But David Bohm didn't listen
to Einstein, did come here,
was a lecture at the
Technion in Haifa,
fell in love with a
girl, married her,
and went to England.
And that's where he tested me.
So nothing will dent
my belief in God.
I don't even want to bring
the word religion into it.
Because religion, of
course, could be dark.
It could be positive.
It could be light.
It could be destruction.
Like I say, today, in some
parts around the world
people are fighting in
the name of religion.
People are killing people
in the name of religion.
So for me, overall god,
again, means the creator
of everything and anything.
And God is infinite.
But I think through
evolution, through our journey
through space and time, through
the universe's and cosmoses,
and beyond, we are proceeding
towards the creator.
And now I will take you
a few steps further.
What I found intuitively--
I doused this place here, and
I found an old ancient soap
factory, which is right there,
where they manufactured soap
from olive oil.
Because hundreds of
years ago Muslims
did not buy soap from
Europe, because it
was made from pig oil.
And this is one of the
first soap factories made
from soap, made from olive oil.
And I know my dowsing abilities.
And I do feel maybe
as a remote viewer
that the magnetic
pull to the center
of this point on
this planet could
be a craft that is
buried somewhere
in the vicinity of Jerusalem.
I know I sound so
fantastically out there.
But it is a possibility that
a craft landed here eons ago,
thousands of years ago.
And there is some type of
a powerful cosmic energy
emanating out of this craft.
This is something I
actually remote viewed.
I cannot tell you for whom.
What I can say is
that if you read
the Bible, the Ark
of the Covenant
with the Ten Commandments, it
is said that the Ark itself,
the wings on the Ark had powers.
It had energy.
It could emit almost
like a laser beam force.
And it would cut through
stone like the stone
was made from butter.
I believe that I
will find that Ark.
I am hoping that the 10
commandments are in the Ark.
And I'm seriously speaking to
archaeologists who actually
asked me to look for it.
If you do read
biblical scriptures,
those scriptures are
riddled with miracles,
phenomena that came upon
individuals, whether it
was rays of light, or
the sea opening up.
And the people who
do believe that we
are governed by some
extraterrestrial source,
that extraterrestrials or aliens
visited our planet, that they
actually created those miracles.
So it's really down to what
you interpret it yourself.
My interpretation would not
agree with someone else.
Or their theories,
I will not agree to.
But I have my very own theories.
And I want to believe that
part of the holy scriptures
have to do with the creator,
with God, with something
above us.
And some are connected to
an extraterrestrial source.
What I can share with you
and with all our viewers
here are the metallic
voices that a lot of people
hear worldwide.
There are also a
lot of people who
claim that there is a
certain buzz in their ears.
And we're not talking
about tinnitus now.
We're talking about high
frequency ELF waves, Extra Low
Frequency waves.
We're talking about
a universal humming.
some kind maybe
of extraterrestrial
language that is
trying to communicate with us.
But the metallic voices
I heard, the voice
I heard booming out from the
corner of the room in Israel,
in Tel Aviv, I think in 1971
when the scientists came
to test me, before I went
to the CIA, were real.
They were instructions.
And then I found out that
some other scientist called
Jack Sarfatti, who is
from San Francisco,
and he is a physicist--
he witnessed and heard the
same type of metallic voice.
And he kind of wants to
connect it with what I heard.
But there were very
clear instructions
by these metallic voices.
But there's no doubt in
my mind that right now
many of our viewers
will say, wait a minute.
Wow.
Uri, you are right,
because I heard things.
It's there.
It is in reality.
It exists.
But there is a huge,
huge question mark.
What is it?
What do they want?
Where are we going towards?
What's the final
journey of the mind?
That is still a big puzzle.
By the way, throughout
this interview
if you could hear pigeons, or
maybe a pigeon would fly in,
I'll tell you
something that whenever
a pigeon flies into
our apartment--
we live in a tiny
apartment here--
I know that that's my mother.
It's a sign from my mother.
And there are a couple
of documentaries
where they end the documentary.
I went to the place where I
was born, where the first spoon
bent in my hand.
And as I go out to
the main living room,
a pigeon flies into
the living room.
And this is an
occurrence that happens
since my mother passed away.
And I'm sure a lot of people
now identify with that.
A lot of spirits
come back as birds.
And in my case, it's a pigeon.
So I would not be surprised
if around here my mother
is somewhere in a pigeon form.
I am a great believer
in reincarnation.
I don't want to
know my past lives.
But the day I validated for
myself that reincarnation
exists was the following.
I was on a stage in Israel.
This is going back to 1970.
And I would call people up on
the stage to hypnotise them
and so forth.
So a Moroccan guy came
up, sat down on the chair,
and I hypnotized him.
And I regressed him.
I told him at the
[NON-ENGLISH],, you are five.
At the [NON-ENGLISH],,
at the [NON-ENGLISH],,
at the [NON-ENGLISH],, at the
[NON-ENGLISH],, you are four,
three, two, one.
[NON-ENGLISH].
And now, tell me where you are.
This is under one year of age.
Lo and behold, the Moroccan
guy, who is dark and complex,
he starts speaking Polish.
I didn't know what
language he was speaking.
So I turned to the audience.
And I thought is
this [NON-ENGLISH]??
What language is he speaking in?
So a few people who were
from Poland, who knew Polish,
said he's speaking in Polish.
I was stunned on the stage.
Because I said to
him, where are you?
And he was describing that
he was on a cobbled pathway.
And it sounded like 17th, 16th
century, somewhere in Poland.
Again, I get goosebumps
because it was real.
So I basically,
through hypnosis,
regressed him to his past life.
When he woke up, he didn't
remember, of course.
But I asked him, did anyone
ever teach you Polish?
He says, no.
Of course not.
So, to me, that was a
great and a pure validation
of a past life.
So my conclusion about that
is that we have a choice.
Our mind can direct
us to one dimension.
It doesn't matter that
it's going on together.
There is a togetherness.
These multidimensional
phenomenons
are happening all the time.
Life is happening all the time.
Energies are buzzing around
like neutrons, like atoms.
It's happening all the time.
It's buzzing around.
But we have the choice to
travel wherever we want to.
I don't believe
you can stop time.
Or the question
is, is there time?
Maybe there is no time.
So if there is no time, it
means that everything is
happening at the same moment.
But our mind can cling on
to, or patch itself, detach,
or attach to a happening
on an atomic level.
And we can live there.
We can derive
information from there.
We can send information
to that entity.
I would like to tell you all
about my John Lennon egg story.
John and I knew each other.
We met in New York.
One day John wakes me up.
I lived on 57th
Street and 1st avenue.
He lived in the Dakota
Building on the other side
of Central Park.
And he said, Uri,
Uri, I gotta meet you.
Something incredible
happened to me.
I said, what?
John, look, what's the time?
So I told him,
let's meet halfway.
So we met in the
lobby of a hotel.
We went aside.
We sat behind a curtain.
And he suddenly pulls
out from his pocket this.
I'll hold it in the
fist of my hand.
And he says, open your hand.
And I open my hand.
And he with his hand drops
this object into my hand.
And I look at it, and
I say, what is this?
And he says, I was
lying in my bed,
and suddenly at the foot of my
bed appeared a ball of light.
And it immediately
reminded me the sphere
of light I've seen in the
Arabic garden when I was five.
And out of that sphere
of light or ball of light
an extraterrestrial
hand came out.
And it was almost telepathic
that I stretched my hand.
And this ET hand put
this object into my hand.
And he said, I want
you to have it.
And I keep this with
me all the time.
I get so many emails from
people asking me, Uri,
why don't you test it?
Test this metal alloy.
Have it analyzed.
And I say, no.
I don't want to analyze this.
Because I don't want to find
out that it's made in Taiwan.
I want to believe
John Lennon's words.
I want to believe that story.
And I do believe that story.
This is a very
interesting object,
because it's much heavier
than what it looks like.
And also around December it
becomes slightly heavier.
I can feel it that it's heavier.
But also, around December,
if you kind of shake it,
it feels like there
is something inside,
like something is
rumbling inside.
But then December passes,
and it becomes solid again.
I tried to remote view this.
But why should I even?
Because I know it's from
an extraterrestrial being.
John believed in UFOs.
He UFOs.
He's seen UFOs.
He was a believer, like me.
When I'm being
asked, Uri Geller,
what is your mission on this
planet, or in your life?
I never really delve into that.
I don't go into that.
Because I am based
down to Earth.
I do strange, weird,
and bizarre things.
I helped governments to
create positive conclusions
to the work I've done for them.
I am an entertainer, because,
hey, say whatever you want.
Entertainer doesn't mean
that what I do is not real.
I always give an example
that you walk into a room
and you see two Picasso
paintings on the wall.
One is a fake.
And one is real.
But they look the same.
And why did I bring this up?
Because I don't really care
what people think about me.
On the contrary, it's good
that I'm controversial.
It's good that there is a
certain cut of people that
don't believe in what I do.
But I know inside
my mind my mission.
It's always to do with
something positive,
with a positive outcome.
When I met Dr. Andrija
Puharich at the very early '70s
I was led to
understand that there
was an overall big mission.
That I had to do something.
But once again, in a way,
I ebbed away from it,
because I didn't want to
take that responsibility.
I did not then or
today think that I'm
the right person for that.
But by ebbing away in that
little journey of moving away
from a major source, I
was doing little things
that brought me back to
that source of energy,
to the bigger mission.
And I know that I was feeding
the urge and the request
of that higher entity
that injected into my mind
that big mission that
I was asked to do.
I will not say what
it was and what it is.
But I know that throughout
the last 50 years
I have fueled to the
content of that entity,
to their satisfaction,
what I was
asked to do in the
bigger picture,
and for the bigger picture.